Expose fullyCompatible parameter of converter (#9238)
Azure/azure-sdk-tools: tools/tsp-client/CHANGELOG.md

# Release

## 2024-10-25 - 0.13.3

> - Expose `fullyCompatible` argument for `@autorest/openapi-to-typespec`

Reviewer: Nit: 
```suggestion
- Expose `fully-compatible` argument for `@autorest/openapi-to-typespec`
```
